landing page 
result page 
tools page
news page
test page
blog page 
about page
contact page
admin panel



upper mai mainai jitna bhi page ka name likha hai sab mai jitna jada libraries and tools and others cheez jo bhi use ho sakta hai mujhe sab ka name likh kar doo modern website se bohat jada insperetion le lena like apple,tesla,dora,githud,vercel  airhubs,and many more modern website world mai jitney bhe modern and aminated website hai sab like mai tumko phir sai bol rahe hai world mai jitney bhimodern and aminated and 3d website hai sarai website se reference lai lena.


same modern and animated and 3d website mai jitne bhe libraries and tools and or kuch bhe use hota hai sabka use karna and fully responsible and protensial and jitna jada animation and 3d and modern and professional ho utna aacha plss.

mujhe same page fully protenssial modern and anuimated and 3d and bohat hee jada jada matlab bohat he jada libraries and tools ka use karna plss.

and mujhe same page fully working condition mai chahiye same page fully working mai iska

fronted ,backend and database and or bhe jo nhi chij use hota hai ek full state website mai sab cheez kardo 
and folders and filters and files ko ache se arrange karna

sarai folder and files aacha sai arrange hona chahiye and same folder and files mai defailed and easy to understand English use hona chahiye


landing/home page mai bohat jada detailing hona chahiye and bahut hee jada modern professional and 3d and animated and bohat sare libraries and tools ka use karna








result page :-
iss page mai kya kya rahega jo mai tumko bata deta hu tumse sarkari result website ka name to suna hee hoga uss website mai jo hota hai ki government ki jo bhi vvaccancies aati hai wah par ragti hai waisai he mera website par rehna chaiye like india mai jitna bhi vacancies aati hai collages mai admission kai liye jee mains , neet and har ek stae mai vacancies aati hai to india mai jitni bhe states hai sab kai liye alagg alag vacncies aati hai to mujhe sabke liye alag sai page and folder and admin panel bhi usi ke according bana dena pls soch samajh kai isi ke according and jo main result page hoga uss par central level ka form ye result hona chaiye sirf and result page mai bhe bohat detailing hona chahiye and jaha par central level ka jitna bhi form , result , ye vacancies khatam ho jayega uska nichai status ke name aana chahiye jitna bhiu status hai hamarai india mai.
and same status ke liye alag page lena and same status mai abhi coming soon aane chahiye and ye page bhe fully protenssial 
modern and animated and thode bahut 3d and baki world mai jitna bhe modern website hai sabse reference le lena and libraries and tools ka bohat use karna and fullyt responsible bhe hona chahiye 
result page mai yai bhi add karna hai ki jo bhi form application ye exam and vacancies aati hai uske bare mai short description rahega and kon kon sai document chahiye wo bhe rahega taki user ko pehla se hee sab cheez pata rahega.

and ek or cheeez bol lo ye function bol loo jo ki mai tumko isme add add karne wale hai and mai tumko example ke through samjha deta hu tum samajyh jana maan lo ki koi bhe student hai 12th ye phir graduation student and to usko jee mens ya phir neet ya ssc  cgl kisssi ka bhi form bharna hai to kaisai hee mai apna website par jee mains , neet , ssc cgl ye phir or bhe koi form application ya vacancies ya phir update dunga to user ke pass WhatsApp message chala jana chahiye iskai liye tumko jo bhe backend libraries ya tools ya phir koi bhi repo ka use karna hai tum kar lena bas mujhe working mai chahiye taki mai pehlai sai patra kar lu ki kisko message send karna hai and kisko mhi karna hai 





tools page:-
iss page mai jitna bhe tools hai mai tumko sabko name de raha hu mujhe tool page fully working mai chahiye and tumko jo bhe language mai backend likhna hai likh bas cheez fully working mai cahiye ,atlab jitna bhe tools hai sab working mai chahiye mujhe iskai liye jitne bhi libraries and tools ye phir koi repo use karna hai karo bas mujhe sab cheez fully working mai chahiye and same tools ke liye ek alag page open hone chahiye matlab haae ek tool new page maui open hona chahiye and haar ek tool ke liye ek alag folder chahiye mujhe and tools page bhi fully professional modern and animated and 3d and jitna libraries and tools  ka use karo and repo ka bhe use sakte hoo and fronted and backend dono working mai hona chahiye iske liye tum kuch bhe karo and bahut jada modern jitna bhe wordld hai sabse refrance le ;ena and jitna bhe libraries and tools ke use karna hai kar loo and repo ka bhe use kar saktai ho

Merge PDF
Combine PDFs in the order you want with the easiest PDF merger available.

Split PDF
Separate one page or a whole set for easy conversion into independent PDF files.

Compress PDF
Reduce file size while optimizing for maximal PDF quality.

PDF to Word
Easily convert your PDF files into easy to edit DOC and DOCX documents. The converted WORD document is almost 100% accurate.

PDF to PowerPoint
Turn your PDF files into easy to edit PPT and PPTX slideshows.

PDF to Excel
Pull data straight from PDFs into Excel spreadsheets in a few short seconds.

Word to PDF
Make DOC and DOCX files easy to read by converting them to PDF.

PowerPoint to PDF
Make PPT and PPTX slideshows easy to view by converting them to PDF.

Excel to PDF
Make EXCEL spreadsheets easy to read by converting them to PDF.

Edit PDF
Add text, images, shapes or freehand annotations to a PDF document. Edit the size, font, and color of the added content.

PDF to JPG
Convert each PDF page into a JPG or extract all images contained in a PDF.

JPG to PDF
Convert JPG images to PDF in seconds. Easily adjust orientation and margins.

Sign PDF
Sign yourself or request electronic signatures from others.

Watermark
Stamp an image or text over your PDF in seconds. Choose the typography, transparency and position.

Rotate PDF
Rotate your PDFs the way you need them. You can even rotate multiple PDFs at once!

HTML to PDF
Convert webpages in HTML to PDF. Copy and paste the URL of the page you want and convert it to PDF with a click.

Unlock PDF
Remove PDF password security, giving you the freedom to use your PDFs as you want.

Protect PDF
Protect PDF files with a password. Encrypt PDF documents to prevent unauthorized access.

Organize PDF
Sort pages of your PDF file however you like. Delete PDF pages or add PDF pages to your document at your convenience.

PDF to PDF/A
Transform your PDF to PDF/A, the ISO-standardized version of PDF for long-term archiving. Your PDF will preserve formatting when accessed in the future.

Repair PDF
Repair a damaged PDF and recover data from corrupt PDF. Fix PDF files with our Repair tool.

Page numbers
Add page numbers into PDFs with ease. Choose your positions, dimensions, typography.

Scan to PDF
Capture document scans from your mobile device and send them instantly to your browser.

OCR PDF
Easily convert scanned PDF into searchable and selectable documents.

Compare PDF
Show a side-by-side document comparison and easily spot changes between different file versions.

Redact PDF
Redact text and graphics to permanently remove sensitive information from a PDF.

Crop PDF
Crop margins of PDF documents or select specific areas, then apply the changes to one page or the whole document.

New!
Translate PDF
Easily translate PDF files powered by AI. Keep fonts, layout, and formatting perfectly intact.

Create a workflow
Create custom workflows with your favorite tools, automate tasks, and reuse them anytime.

Create workflow




Edit PDF
Compress PDF
Merge PDF
PDF to Word
Word to PDF
PDF to JPG
JPG to PDF
PDF Converter
New
Chat with PDF
Split PDF
Unlock PDF
Edit metadata
Delete pages
Rearrange pages
Other PDF tools
PDF OCR
New
Summarize
New
Translate PDF
PNG to PDF
PDF to PNG
EPUB to PDF
PDF to EPUB
Convert to PDF
Protect PDF
Rotate PDF
Crop PDF
Sign PDF
DOCX to PDF
PDF to DOCX
Excel to PDF
PDF to Excel
Image to PDF
PDF to Image
PDF to PPT
PPT to PDF
PPTX to PDF
HEIC to PDF
HTML to PDF
DjVu to PDF
PAGES to PDF
TIFF to PDF
PDF to TIFF
TXT to PDF
ODT to PDF
PDF to ODT
Extract pages
Extract text
Extract images
Page numbers
Edit PDF text
PDF Viewer
Add watermark
Add text
Add image to PDF
Flatten PDF
Annotate PDF
Highlight PDF
Create PDF
Remove metadata
Resize pages
PDF to PDF/A
PDF to SVG
SVG to PDF
PDF to CSV
CSV to PDF
RTF to PDF
PDF to RTF
PDF to MOBI
MOBI to PDF
DWG to PDF
PUB to PDF
XPS to PDF
XML to PDF
WebP to PDF
HEIF to PDF
JFIF to PDF
GIF to PDF
PDF to GIF
BMP to PDF
PDF to BMP
HWP to PDF
CHM to PDF
FB2 to PDF
Whiteout PDF
Grayscale PDF
Header and footer
Repair PDF
PDF Filler
ZIP to PDF
URL to PDF
WPS to PDF
EML to PDF
Organize PDF
MD to PDF
eBook to PDF
DXF to PDF
CBZ to PDF
AI to PDF
CBR to PDF 






news page:-
news page bhi fully professional modern and animated and pictures and videos ka use karna hai isme and news page huhamara translated hona chahiye india mai mainly jo jo language use hoti haiu sabhi language mai translate hona chahiye jisko user apne according change kar sakta hai to news page fully professional modern website jitna modern and animated and jitna libraries and tools ka use karo and thoda bohat 3d bhi chahiye and news mai tumko approx daily 500 nes to world ki rahegi ki world mai kya kya ho raha hai wo Indian rahegi and news jo hai wo date wise arrange rahega like today wala news sabse upper and past wale uske niche.

and news page ami daily mai tumko 1000 news dunga to jo main page hoga usme usme haar ek new ka title and short description rahega and jisko pura news padha hoga dainai mai to use news par click chahiye kare to wo new page mi open chahiye new tab mai usi ke related usko or bhhe news show hona chahiye mai nad ek or baat news page mai bohat sarai filters hona chahaiye like education , tech and many more like 25to 30 filters honai chahaiye news page mai .









test page:-coming soon 







blog page:- 
tum apne according bana loo taki website ka seo and ranking first par aan chaiye to iss page mai bhout jada blogs and sections and bhout jada detailing add karo and blog page fully professional modern and animated and 3d bhe hona chiaye and jitna jada lirbaies and tools ka use karna hai karo and repo ka bhe use karna hai to karo jitna bhe modern and 3d website hai sabse reference le lena and seo and 1st raniking and seo-Ai ke liye bhe isko best banao 






contact page:-
contact page ko bhe tum apne according bana doo and my mob no is 8986985813 and mail is is ishukryk@gmail.com and my WhatsApp no is same as mob no and contact page ko bhe jitna bhe world mai modern and 3d and professional website hai sabse referce lekar banana and fully modern animated and long and detaied and fully responsive and 3d bhe and professional bhe hona chiaye and jitna jada lirabies and tools ka use kar sakte ho karo pls 



sign-in/sign-up page:
ye page bhe tum fully professional modern and animated and 3d and modern matlab world mai jitna bhe modern and animated and professional website hai sabse reference le lena and WhatsApp no dalna ka bhe option dena q ki humlogo ko aga jakar message bhe send karna ahit o soch samaj kar sare pages ko aacha se soch samaj kar work karo 






admin panel:-
admin panel normal user Ko show nahi hona chiaye And
Admin panel normal user ko show nahi hona chahiye yeh hide hona chahie and admin panel bhi bahut jyada professional mode and animated and thoda bahut 3D use karna and jitna libraries and tools use kar sakte ho utna karna jitna jyada ho sake libraries and tool and agar tum chaho to repo ka bhi use kar sakte ho 

And soch samajh Kar mere website ki according Tum khud logic and mind Laga kar mere liye admin panel create karna






 
